Prepares ANN for 1.4.9 (#166)
lagom/lagom.github.io: src/blog/lagom-1-4-9.md

---
title: Lagom 1.4.9 released!
date: 2018-11-15
author_github: ignasi35
tags: news
summary: >
    The Lagom team has released Lagom 1.4.9
---

The Lagom team has released Lagom 1.4.9.

This release provides a few bug fixes and an improvements.

## Highlights

> - Updates Akka to [2.5.18](https://akka.io/blog/news/2018/10/07/akka-2.5.18-released). This Akka release introduces few improvements on the DNS implementation. It also imroves the cluster membership handling so if you are using Akka's [Split Brain Resolver](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-commercial-addons/current/split-brain-resolver.html) you may want to upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updates Akka to [2.5.18](https://akka.io/blog/news/2018/10/07/akka-2.5.18-released). This Akka release introduces few improvements on the DNS implementation. It also improves the cluster membership handling so if you are using Akka's [Split Brain Resolver](https://developer.lightbend.com/docs/akka-commercial-addons/current/split-brain-resolver.html) you may want to upgrade.
```

- Updates Akka HTTP to [10.0.14](https://akka.io/blog/news/2018/09/06/akka-http-10.1.5-10.0.14-security-fix-released) with an important security fix. It's is unlikely that as a Lagom user you were exposed to the vulnerability, though.
- Updates Play to [2.6.20](https://blog.playframework.com/play-2-6-20-released/) with some minor improvements.

> - Fixes [a regression](https://github.com/lagom/lagom/issues/1557) on `LagomClientFactory` introduced on the `1.4.x` family causing a `LagomClientFactory` running inside a Lagom service to interfere with the service in some scenarios causing failures at boot time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes [a regression](https://github.com/lagom/lagom/issues/1557) on `LagomClientFactory` introduced on the `1.4.x` series which was causing a `LagomClientFactory` running inside a Lagom service to interfere with the service in some scenarios causing failures at boot time.
```
